Text contrast enhanced: Fix passed example 3 not fully passing (#1904)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/text-contrast-enhanced-09o5cg.md

> This light gray text has a contrast ratio between 18:1 and 7:1 on the background image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This white text has a contrast ratio between 18:1 and 7:1 on the background image.
```

New color set is white, no longer light grey 😄
